It's raining
The wind blew the window open
It’s been seven years
Still with that cowardly look
of someone who did something against their conscience
My son
You’ve grown so much
No matter where you are
I will find you
As for that disgusting cheating couple
I will make them pay dearly
Please leave
I said no such person is in our school
That can’t be,
My son, he goes to this school
He really is a student here
Can you please check again for me?
Check what?
You’ve already looked through the list three times
If he’s not there, he’s not there
Move aside
Don’t interfere with my work
Director, you’re here!
What’s going on?
I think this woman isn’t mentally stable
She brought a photo
and came here to find her son
Duan Jia Le?
Duan Jia Le
Where is he?
He dropped out last month
Before that, he often skipped school for no reason
Why did that happen?
Teacher
Why did the boy drop out?
He said it was due to health issues
For the specific reason
you should ask his father